abuseACL	A python script to automatically list vulnerable Windows ACEs/ACLs.
aclpwn	Tool for testing the security of Active Directory access controls.
AD-miner	Active Directory audit tool that leverages cypher queries.
adidnsdump	Active Directory Integrated DNS dump utility
adwsdomaindump	A tool for dumping domain data via ADWS for evasion purposes.
aircrack-ng	A suite of tools for wireless penetration testing
aliasr	Aliasr is a modern and feature-rich TUI launcher for penetration testing commands inspired by Arsenal but with significantly improved functionality.
alterx	A tool for fast and customizable subdomain wordlist generator using DSL from ProjectDiscovery.
amass	A DNS enumeration / attack surface mapping & external assets discovery tool
amber	Forensic tool to recover browser history / cookies and credentials
androguard	Reverse engineering and analysis of Android applications
android-tools-adb	A collection of tools for debugging Android applications
anew	A simple tool for filtering and manipulating text data / such as log files and other outputs.
angr	a platform-agnostic binary analysis framework
apksigner	arguably the most important step to optimize your APK file
apktool	It is a tool for reverse engineering 3rd party / closed / binary Android apps.
arjun	HTTP parameter discovery suite.
asciinema	Terminal session recorder
asdf	Extendable version manager with support for ruby python go etc
asrepcatcher	Make your VLAN ASREProastable.
assetfinder	Tool to find subdomains and IP addresses associated with a domain.
autobloody	Automatically exploit Active Directory privilege escalation paths shown by BloodHound.
autoconf	Tool for producing shell scripts to configure source code packages
autorecon	Multi-threaded network reconnaissance tool which performs automated enumeration of services.
avrdude	AVRDUDE is a command-line program that allows you to download/upload/manipulate the ROM and EEPROM contents of AVR microcontrollers using the in-system programming technique (ISP).
awscli	Command-line interface for Amazon Web Services.
azure-cli	A great cloud needs great tools; we're excited to introduce Azure CLI our next generation multi-platform command line experience for Azure.
badsecrets	A pure python library for identifying the use of known or very weak cryptographic secrets across a variety of platforms.
BBOT	BEE·bot is a multipurpose scanner inspired by Spiderfoot built to automate your Recon and ASM.
bettercap	The Swiss Army knife for 802.11 / BLE / and Ethernet networks reconnaissance and MITM attacks.
binaryninja	An interactive decompiler - disassembler - debugger and binary analysis platform built by reverse engineers for reverse engineers.
binwalk	Binwalk is a tool for analyzing / reverse engineering / and extracting firmware images.
Blackbird	An OSINT tool to search fast for accounts by username across 581 sites.
bloodbash	BloodBash is a powerful standalone BloodHound / SharpHound + AzureHound JSON analyzer written in Python
bloodhound	Active Directory security tool for reconnaissance and attacking AD environments.
BloodHound-CE	Active Directory security tool for reconnaissance and attacking AD environments (Community Edition)
bloodhound-ce.py	BloodHound-CE ingestor in Python.
bloodhound-import	Import data into BloodHound for analyzing active directory trust relationships
bloodhound-quickwin	A tool for BloodHounding on Windows machines without .NET or Powershell installed
bloodhound.py	BloodHound ingestor in Python.
bloodyAD	bloodyAD is an Active Directory privilege escalation swiss army knife.
bolt	Bolt crawls the target website to the specified depth and stores all the HTML forms found in a database for further processing.
bqm	Tool to deduplicate custom BloudHound queries from different datasets and merge them in one file.
brakeman	Static analysis tool for Ruby on Rails applications
bruteforce-luks	A tool to help recover encrypted LUKS2 containers
bully	bully is a tool for brute-forcing WPS (Wireless Protected Setup) PINs.
burpsuite	Web application security testing tool.
byp4xx	A Swiss Army knife for bypassing web application firewalls and filters.
caido	A lightweight web security auditing toolkit.
carbon14	OSINT tool for estimating when a web page was written.
Censys	An easy-to-use and lightweight API wrapper for Censys APIs
certipy	Python tool to create and sign certificates
certsync	certsync is a tool that helps you synchronize certificates between two directories.
cewl	Generates custom wordlists by spidering a target's website and parsing the results
cewler	CeWL alternative in Python
chainsaw	Rapidly Search and Hunt through Windows Forensic Artefacts
chaos	A Go client to communicate with Chaos dataset API from ProjectDiscovery.
checksec-py	Python wrapper script for checksec.sh from paX.
chisel	Go based TCP tunnel with authentication and encryption support
cloudfail	a reconnaissance tool for identifying misconfigured CloudFront domains.
cloudmapper	CloudMapper helps you analyze your Amazon Web Services (AWS) environments.
cloudsplaining	AWS IAM Security Assessment tool that identifies violations of least privilege and generates a risk-prioritized report.
cloudsploit	Cloud Security Posture Management
clusterd	A tool to distribute and remotely manage Hacking Team's RCS agents.
cmloot	cmloot.py is built to aid penetration testers to search and find sensitive files in Configuration Manager's complex file share structure.
cmsmap	Tool for security audit of web content management systems.
coercer	DFS-R target coercion tool
conpass	Python tool for continuous password spraying taking into account the password policy.
constellation	Find and exploit vulnerabilities in mobile applications.
corscanner	a Python script for finding CORS misconfigurations.
cowpatty	cowpatty is a tool for offline dictionary attacks against WPA-PSK (Pre-Shared Key) networks.
crackhound	A fast WPA/WPA2/WPA3 WiFi Handshake capture / password recovery and analysis tool
creds	One place for all the default credentials to assist pentesters during an engagement. This document has several products default login/password gathered from multiple sources.
crunch	A wordlist generator where you can specify a standard character set or a character set you specify.
cupp	Cupp is a tool used to generate personalized password lists based on target information.
curlie	Curlie is a frontend to curl that adds the ease of use of httpie without compromising on features and performance
CyberChef	The Cyber Swiss Army Knife
cyperoth	Automated extensible toolset that runs cypher queries against Bloodhound's Neo4j backend and saves output to spreadsheets.
daclsearch	Exhaustive search and flexible filtering of Active Directory ACEs
darkarmour	a tool to detect and evade common antivirus products
dex2jar	A tool to convert Android's dex files to Java's jar files
dfscoerce	DFS-R target coercion tool
dirb	Web Content Scanner
dirsearch	Tool for searching files and directories on a web site.
divideandscan	Advanced subdomain scanner
dns2tcp	dns2tcp is a tool for relaying TCP connections over DNS.
dnschef	Tool for DNS MITM attacks
dnsenum	dnsenum is a tool for enumerating DNS information about a domain.
dnsx	A tool for DNS reconnaissance that can help identify subdomains and other related domains.
donpapi	Dumping revelant information on compromised targets without AV detection
dploot	dploot is Python rewrite of SharpDPAPI written un C#.
droopescan	Scan Drupal websites for vulnerabilities.
drupwn	Drupal security scanner.
dtrx	Do The Right eXtraction - don't remember what set of tar flags or where to pipe the output to extract it? no worries!
eaphammer	EAPHammer is a toolkit for performing targeted evil twin attacks against WPA2-Enterprise networks.
empire	post-exploitation and adversary emulation framework
enum4linux-ng	Tool for enumerating information from Windows and Samba systems.
enyx	Framework for building offensive security tools.
EVENmonitor	Monitor the Windows Event Log with grep-like features or filtering for specific Event IDs
evil-winrm-py	Evil-WinRM. But in python
evilwinrm	Tool to connect to a remote Windows system with WinRM.
exegol-history	Credentials management for Exegol
exif	Utility to read / write and edit metadata in image / audio and video files
exifprobe	Exifprobe is a command-line tool to parse EXIF data from image files.
exiftool	ExifTool is a Perl library and command-line tool for reading / writing and editing meta information in image / audio and video files.
exiv2	Image metadata library and toolset
ExtractBitlockerKeys	A system administration or post-exploitation script to automatically extract the bitlocker recovery keys from a domain.
eyewitness	a tool to take screenshots of websites / provide some server header info / and identify default credentials if possible.
fcrackzip	Password cracker for zip archives.
fdisk	Collection of basic system utilities / including fdisk partitioning tool
feroxbuster	Simple / fast and recursive content discovery tool
ffuf	Fast web fuzzer written in Go.
fierce	A DNS reconnaissance tool for locating non-contiguous IP space
finalrecon	A web reconnaissance tool that gathers information about web pages
findomain	The fastest and cross-platform subdomain enumerator.
firefox	A web browser
firefox_decrypt	Decrypt Firefox saved passwords.
foremost	Foremost is a forensic tool for recovering files based on their headers / footers / and internal data structures.
fping	fping is a program to send ICMP echo probes to network hosts similar to ping but much better performing when pinging multiple hosts.
freeipscanner	A simple bash script to enumerate stale ADIDNS entries
freerdp2-x11	FreeRDP is a free implementation of the Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) released under the Apache license.
frida	Dynamic instrumentation toolkit
fuxploider	a Python tool for finding and exploiting file upload forms/directories.
fzf	🌸 A command-line fuzzy finder
gau	Fast tool for fetching URLs
gef	A modern experience for GDB with advanced debugging capabilities for exploit devs & reverse engineers on Linux.
genusernames	GenUsername is a Python tool for generating a list of usernames based on a name or email address.
GeoPincer	GeoPincer is a script that leverages OpenStreetMap's Overpass API in order to search for locations.
geowordlists	tool to generate wordlists of passwords containing cities at a defined distance around the client city.
gf	A wrapper around grep to avoid typing common patterns
ghidra	Software reverse engineering suite of tools.
GHunt	Investigate Google Accounts with emails
git-dumper	Small script to dump a Git repository from a website.
githubemail	a command-line tool to retrieve a user's email from Github.
gitleaks	Gitleaks scans hardcoded secrets in git repositories and folders.
gittools	A collection of Git tools including a powerful Dumper for dumping Git repositories.
glow	glow is a tool to render Markdown inside the terminal.
gmsadumper	A tool for extracting credentials and other information from a Microsoft Active Directory domain.
gobuster	Tool to discover hidden files and directories.
godap	A complete TUI for LDAP.
GoExec	GoExec is a new take on some of the methods used to gain remote execution on Windows devices. GoExec implements a number of largely unrealized execution methods and provides significant OPSEC improvements overall
goldencopy	Copy the properties and groups of a user from neo4j (bloodhound) to create an identical golden ticket
GoMapEnum	Nothing new but existing techniques are brought together in one tool.
gopherus	Gopherus is a simple command line tool for exploiting vulnerable Gopher servers.
gosecretsdump	Implements NTLMSSP network authentication protocol in Go
goshs	Goshs is a replacement for Python's SimpleHTTPServer. It allows uploading and downloading via HTTP/S with either self-signed certificate or user provided certificate and you can use HTTP basic auth.
gowitness	A website screenshot utility written in Golang.
GPOddity	Aiming at automating GPO attack vectors through NTLM relaying (and more)
gpoParser	Tool designed to extract and analyze configurations applied through Group Policy Objects (GPOs) in an Active Directory environment.
gpp-decrypt	A tool to decrypt Group Policy Preferences passwords
gqrx	Software defined radio receiver powered by GNU Radio and Qt
gron	Make JSON greppable!
h2csmuggler	HTTP Request Smuggling tool using H2C upgrade
h8mail	Email OSINT and breach hunting.
hackrf	Low cost software defined radio platform
haiti	haiti is a A CLI tool (and library) to identify hash types (hash type identifier).
hakrawler	a fast web crawler for gathering URLs and other information from websites
hakrevdns	Reverse DNS lookup utility that can help with discovering subdomains and other information.
hashcat	A tool for advanced password recovery
hashonymize	This small tool is aimed at anonymizing hashes files for offline but online cracking like Google Collab for instance (see https://github.com/ShutdownRepo/google-colab-hashcat).
Havoc	Command & Control Framework
hcxdumptool	Small tool to capture packets from wlan devices.
hcxtools	Tools for capturing and analyzing packets from WLAN devices.
hexedit	View and edit binary files
Hob0Rules rules	Password cracking rules for Hashcat based on statistics and industry patterns
holehe	mail osint tool finding out if it is used on websites.
hping3	A network tool able to send custom TCP/IP packets
httpmethods	Tool for exploiting HTTP methods (e.g. PUT / DELETE / etc.)
httprobe	A simple utility for enumerating HTTP and HTTPS servers.
httpx	A tool for identifying web technologies and vulnerabilities / including outdated software versions and weak encryption protocols.
hydra	Hydra is a parallelized login cracker which supports numerous protocols to attack.
ida	Interactive disassembler for software analysis.
ignorant	holehe but for phone numbers.
imagemagick	ImageMagick is a free and open-source image manipulation tool used to create / edit / compose / or convert bitmap images.
impacket	Set of tools for working with network protocols (original version).
impacket	Set of tools for working with network protocols (ThePorgs version).
Instaloader	Download content/captions/metadata from Instagram
ipinfo	Get information about an IP address or hostname.
iptables	Userspace command line tool for configuring kernel firewall
jackit	Exploit to take over a wireless mouse and keyboard
jadx	Java decompiler
jd-gui	A standalone Java Decompiler GUI
jdwp	This exploitation script is meant to be used by pentesters against active JDWP service / in order to gain Remote Code Execution.
john	John the Ripper password cracker.
joomscan	A tool to enumerate Joomla-based websites
jsluice	Extract URLs / paths / secrets and other interesting data from JavaScript source code.
jwt	a command-line tool for working with JSON Web Tokens (JWTs)
k9s	TUI interface for managing Kubernetes clusters.
kadimus	a tool for detecting and exploiting file upload vulnerabilities
katana	A next-generation crawling and spidering framework.
keepassxc	Cross-platform password manager
KeePwn	KeePwn is a tool that extracts passwords from KeePass 1.x and 2.x databases.
kerbrute	A tool to perform Kerberos pre-auth bruteforcing
keytabextract	KeyTabExtract is a tool to extract valuable information from keytab files.
kiterunner	Tool for operating Active Directory environments.
Kraken	Kraken is a modular multi-language webshell focused on web post-exploitation and defense evasion. It supports three technologies (PHP / JSP and ASPX) and is core is developed in Python.
krbjack	A Kerberos AP-REQ hijacking tool with DNS unsecure updates abuse.
krbrelayx	a tool for performing Kerberos relay attacks
kubectl	Command-line interface for managing Kubernetes clusters.
ldapdomaindump	A tool for dumping domain data from an LDAP service
ldaprelayscan	Check Domain Controllers for LDAP server protections regarding the relay of NTLM authentication.
ldapsearch	Search for and display entries (ldap)
ldapsearch-ad	LDAP search utility with AD support
LDAPWordlistHarvester	Generate a wordlist from the information present in LDAP in order to crack passwords of domain accounts
ldeep	ldeep is a tool to discover hidden paths on Web servers.
legba	a multiprotocol credentials bruteforcer / password sprayer and enumerator built with Rust
libmspack	C library for Microsoft compression formats.
libnfc	Library for Near Field Communication (NFC) devices
libnfc-crypto1-crack	Implementation of cryptographic attack on Mifare Classic RFID cards
libusb-dev	Library for USB device access
ligolo-ng	An advanced yet simple tunneling tool that uses a TUN interface.
linkedin2username	Generate a list of LinkedIn usernames from a company name.
linkfinder	a Python script that finds endpoints and their parameters in JavaScript files.
lnkup	This tool will allow you to generate LNK payloads. Upon rendering or being run they will exfiltrate data.
lsassy	Windows secrets and passwords extraction tool.
ltrace	ltrace is a debugging program for Linux and Unix that intercepts and records dynamic library calls that are called by an executed process.
maigret	Collects information about a target email (or domain) from Google and Bing search results
maltego	A tool used for open-source intelligence and forensics
manspider	Manspider will crawl every share on every target system. If provided creds don't work it will fall back to 'guest' then to a null session.
mariadb-client	MariaDB is a community-developed fork of the MySQL relational database management system. The mariadb-client package includes command-line utilities for interacting with a MariaDB server.
masky	Masky is a python library providing an alternative way to remotely dump domain users' credentials thanks to an ADCS. A command line tool has been built on top of this library in order to easily gather PFX or NT hashes and TGT on a larger scope
masscan	Masscan is an Internet-scale port scanner
massdns	MassDNS is a simple high-performance DNS stub resolver targeting those who seek to resolve a massive amount of domain names in the order of millions or even billions.
mdcat	Fancy cat for Markdown
Metagoofil	Metagoofil is a tool for gathering metadata of a website
metasploit	A popular penetration testing framework that includes many exploits and payloads
mfcuk	Implementation of an attack on Mifare Classic and Plus RFID cards
mfdread	Tool for reading/writing Mifare RFID tags
mfoc	Implementation of 'offline nested' attack by Nethemba
minicom	Minicom is a text-based serial communication program for Unix-like operating systems.
mitm6	Tool to conduct a man-in-the-middle attack against IPv6 protocols.
mitmproxy	mitmproxy is an interactive SSL/TLS-capable intercepting proxy with a console interface for HTTP/1 HTTP/2 and WebSockets.
mobsf	Automated and all-in-one mobile application (Android/iOS/Windows) pen-testing malware analysis and security assessment framework
moodlescan	Scan Moodle sites for information and vulnerabilities.
mousejack	Exploit to take over a wireless mouse and keyboard
msprobe	msprobe is a tool to identify Microsoft Windows hosts and servers that are running certain services.
MurMurHash	This little tool is to calculate a MurmurHash value of a favicon to hunt phishing websites on the Shodan platform.
naabu	A fast and reliable port scanner that can detect open ports and services.
name-that-hash	Online tool for identifying hashes.
nasm	NASM is an 80x86 assembler designed for portability and modularity.
nbtscan	NBTscan is a program for scanning IP networks for NetBIOS name information.
neo4j	Database.
neovim	hyperextensible Vim-based text editor
netdiscover	netdiscover is an active/passive address reconnaissance tool
netexec	Network scanner (Crackmapexec updated).
nfct	Tool for Near Field Communication (NFC) devices
nfsshell	NFSShell is a tool for interacting with NFS shares without mounting them.
ngrok	Expose a local server behind a NAT or firewall to the internet
nmap	The Network Mapper - a powerful network discovery and security auditing tool
nmap-parse-ouptut	Converts/manipulates/extracts data from a Nmap scan output.
noPac	Exploiting CVE-2021-42278 and CVE-2021-42287 to impersonate DA from standard domain user.
nosqlmap	a Python tool for testing NoSQL databases for security vulnerabilities.
NSAKEY rules	Password cracking rules and masks for hashcat
ntlmv1-multi	Exploit a vulnerability in Microsoft Windows to gain system-level access.
ntlm_theft	A tool for generating multiple types of NTLMv2 hash theft files
nuclei	A fast and customizable vulnerability scanner that can detect a wide range of issues / including XSS / SQL injection / and misconfigured servers.
oaburl	Find Open redirects and other vulnerabilities.
objection	Runtime mobile exploration
objectwalker	A python module to explore the object tree to extract paths to interesting objects in memory.
oletools	python tools to analyze MS OLE2 files and MS Office documents - for malware analysis - forensics and debugging.
oneforall	a powerful subdomain collection tool.
onelistforall	Rockyou for web fuzzing
OneRuleToRuleThemStill rules	One rule to crack all passwords. A revamped - optimised and updated version of the original OneRuleToRuleThemAll hashcat rule
onesixtyone	onesixtyone is an SNMP scanner which utilizes a sweep technique to achieve very high performance.
OpenVPN	Fast and Easy Zero-Trust VPN Fully in Your Control
pacu	The AWS exploitation framework for testing the security of Amazon Web Services environments.
Pantagrule rules	large hashcat rulesets generated from real-world compromised passwords
pass	TODO
PassTheCert	PassTheCert is a tool to extract Active Directory user password hashes from a domain controller's local certificate store.
patator	Login scanner.
pcredz	PowerShell credential dumper
pcsc	Middleware for smart card readers
pdfcrack	A tool for cracking password-protected PDF files
peda	Python Exploit Development Assistance for GDB.
peepdf	peepdf is a Python tool to explore PDF files in order to find out if the file can be harmful or not.
penelope	Penelope is a shell handler designed to be easy to use and intended to replace netcat when exploiting RCE vulnerabilities.
petitpotam	Windows machine account manipulation
phoneinfoga	Information gathering & OSINT framework for phone numbers.
photon	a fast web crawler which extracts URLs / files / intel & endpoints from a target.
PHP filter chain generator	A CLI to generate PHP filters chain / get your RCE without uploading a file if you control entirely the parameter passed to a require or an include in PHP!
phpggc	Exploit generation tool for the PHP platform.
pkcrack	tool to generate wordlists of passwords containing cities at a defined distance around the client city
pkinittools	Pkinit support tools
polenum	Polenum is a Python script which uses the Impacket library to extract user information through the SMB protocol.
postman	API platform for testing APIs
powershell	a command-line shell and scripting language designed for system administration and automation
Powerview.py	PowerView.py is an alternative for the awesome original PowerView.ps1 script.
pp-finder	Prototype pollution finder tool for javascript. pp-finder lets you find prototype pollution candidates in your code.
pre2k	pre2k is a tool to check if a Windows domain has any pre-2000 Windows 2000 logon names still in use.
pretender	an mitm tool for helping with relay attacks.
prips	A utility for quickly generating IP ranges or enumerating hosts within a specified range.
privexchange	a tool to perform attacks against Microsoft Exchange server using NTLM relay techniques
prowler	Perform Cloud Security best practices assessments / audits / incident response / compliance / continuous monitoring / hardening and forensics readiness.
proxmark3	Open source RFID research toolkit.
proxychains	Proxy chains - redirect connections through proxy servers.
pst-utils	pst-utils is a set of tools for working with Outlook PST files.
pth-tools	A toolkit to perform pass-the-hash attacks
pwncat-vl	Maintained fork of pwncat-cs with recent fixes and enhancements.
pwndb	A command-line tool for searching the pwndb database of compromised credentials.
pwndbg	a GDB plugin that makes debugging with GDB suck less
pwnedornot	Check if a password has been leaked in a data breach.
pwninit	A tool for automating starting binary exploit challenges
pwntools	a CTF framework and exploit development library
PXEThief	PXEThief is a set of tooling that can extract passwords from the Operating System Deployment functionality in Microsoft Endpoint Configuration Manager
pycdc	Python bytecode disassembler and decompiler.
pyFindUncommonShares	Script that can help identify shares that are not commonly found on a Windows system.
pyftpdlib	Extremely fast and scalable Python FTP server library
pygoldengmsa	Cross-platform Python implementation of the GoldenGMSA attack for exploiting Group Managed Service Accounts (gMSA) in Active Directory.
pygpoabuse	A tool for abusing GPO permissions to escalate privileges
pykek	PyKEK (Python Kerberos Exploitation Kit) a python library to manipulate KRB5-related data.
pylaps	Utility for enumerating and querying LDAP servers.
pymeta	Google and Bing scraping osint tool
pypykatz	a Python library for mimikatz-like functionality
pyrit	Python-based WPA/WPA2-PSK attack tool.
pysnaffler	Snaffler. But in python.
pywerview	A (partial) Python rewriting of PowerSploit's PowerView.
pywhisker	PyWhisker is a Python equivalent of the original Whisker made by Elad Shamir and written in C#. This tool allows users to manipulate the msDS-KeyCredentialLink attribute of a target user/computer to obtain full control over that object. It's based on Impacket and on a Python equivalent of Michael Grafnetter's DSInternals called PyDSInternals made by podalirius.
pywsus	Python implementation of a WSUS client
radare2	A complete framework for reverse-engineering and analyzing binaries
rdesktop	rdesktop is a client for Remote Desktop Protocol (RDP) used in a number of Microsoft products including Windows NT Terminal Server / Windows 2000 Server / Windows XP and Windows 2003 Server.
reaver	reaver is a tool for brute-forcing WPS (Wireless Protected Setup) PINs.
recon-ng	External recon tool.
recondog	a reconnaissance tool for performing information gathering on a target.
redis-tools	redis-tools is a collection of Redis client utilities including redis-cli and redis-benchmark.
RelayInformer	Determine EPA enforcement levels of popular NTLM relay targets from a Linux host.
remmina	Remote desktop client.
RemoteMonologue	A tool to coerce NTLM authentications via DCOM
responder	a LLMNR / NBT-NS and MDNS poisoner.
rlwrap	rlwrap is a small utility that wraps input and output streams of executables / making it possible to edit and re-run input history
ROADrecon	Azure AD recon for red and blue.
ROADtx	ROADtools Token eXchange.
roastinthemiddle	RoastInTheMiddle is a tool to intercept and relay NTLM authentication requests.
robotstester	Utility for testing whether a website's robots.txt file is correctly configured.
routersploit	Security audit tool for routers.
RsaCracker	Powerful RSA cracker for CTFs. Supports RSA - X509 - OPENSSH in PEM and DER formats.
rsactftool	The rsactftool tool is used for RSA cryptographic operations and analysis.
rsync	File synchronization tool for efficiently copying and updating data between local or remote locations
rtl-433	Tool for decoding various wireless protocols/ signals such as those used by weather stations
ruler	Outlook Rules exploitation framework.
rusthound	BloodHound ingestor in Rust.
rusthound-ce	BloodHound-CE ingestor in Rust.
rustscan	The Modern Port Scanner
s3scanner	a go tool for s3 buckets misconfiguration across S3-compatible APIs
samdump2	A tool to dump Windows NT/2k/XP/Vista password hashes from SAM files
sccmhunter	SCCMHunter is a post-ex tool built to streamline identifying profiling and attacking SCCM related assets in an Active Directory domain.
sccmsecrets	SCCMSecrets.py aims at exploiting SCCM policies distribution for credentials harvesting and initial access and lateral movement.
sccmwtf	This code is designed for exploring SCCM in a lab.
scout	Scout Suite is an open source multi-cloud security-auditing tool which enables security posture assessment of cloud environments.
scrcpy	Display and control your Android device.
searchsploit	A command line search tool for Exploit-DB
seclists	A collection of multiple types of lists used during security assessments
semgrep	Static analysis tool that supports multiple languages and can find a variety of vulnerabilities and coding errors.
shadowcoerce	Utility for bypassing the Windows Defender antivirus by hiding a process within a legitimate process.
sharker	A fast and reliable network capture analyzer
shellerator	a simple command-line tool for generating shellcode
Sherlock	Hunt down social media accounts by username across social networks.
shuffledns	A fast and customizable DNS resolver that can be used for subdomain enumeration and other tasks.
simplyemail	a scriptable command line tool for sending emails
sipvicious	Enumeration and MITM tool for SIP devices
sleuthkit	Forensic toolkit to analyze volume and file system data
sliver	Open source / cross-platform and extensible C2 framework
smali	A tool to disassemble and assemble Android's dex files
smartbrute	The smart password spraying and bruteforcing tool for Active Directory Domain Services.
smbclient	SMBclient is a command-line utility that allows you to access Windows shared resources
smbclient-ng	smbclient-ng is a fast and user friendly way to interact with SMB shares.
smbmap	A tool to enumerate SMB shares and check for null sessions
smtp-user-enum	A tool to enumerate email addresses via SMTP
smuggler	Smuggler is a tool that helps pentesters and red teamers to smuggle data into and out of the network even when there are multiple layers of security in place.
snaffler-ng	Python port of Snaffler using Impacket. Finds credentials and sensitive files on SMB shares.
SoapUI	SoapUI is the world's leading testing tool for API testing.
soapy	SOAPy is a Proof of Concept (PoC) utility for conducting offensive interaction with Active Directory Web Services (ADWS) through a SOCKS5 proxy.
spiderfoot	A reconnaissance tool that automatically queries over 100 public data sources
sprayhound	Active Directory password audit tool.
sqlmap	Sqlmap is an open-source penetration testing tool that automates the process of detecting and exploiting SQL injection flaws
ssh-audit	ssh-audit is a tool to test SSH server configuration for best practices.
sshuttle	Transparent proxy server that tunnels traffic through an SSH server
sslscan	a tool for testing SSL/TLS encryption on servers
ssrfmap	a tool for testing SSRF vulnerabilities.
steghide	steghide is a steganography program that is able to hide data in various kinds of image and audio files.
stegolsb	Steganography tool to hide data in BMP images using least significant bit algorithm
stegosuite	Stegosuite is a free steganography tool that allows you to hide data in image and audio files.
strace	strace is a debugging utility for Linux that allows you to monitor and diagnose system calls made by a process.
subfinder	Tool to find subdomains associated with a domain.
sublist3r	a Python tool designed to enumerate subdomains of websites.
subzy	Subdomain takeover tool which checks for various cloud services and identifies if a subdomain is vulnerable.
swaks	Swaks is a featureful flexible scriptable transaction-oriented SMTP test tool.
symfony-exploits	Collection of Symfony exploits and PoCs.
tailscale	A secure and easy-to-use VPN alternative that is designed for teams and businesses.
targetedKerberoast	Kerberoasting against specific accounts
tcpdump	a powerful command-line packet analyzer for Unix-like systems
tdo_dump	Proof-of-Concept tool to dump trusted domain objects and extract trust credentials for lateral movement across domain boundaries
TeamsPhisher	TeamsPhisher is a Python3 program that facilitates the delivery of phishing messages and attachments to Microsoft Teams users whose organizations allow external communications.
testdisk	Partition recovery and file undelete utility
testssl	a tool for testing SSL/TLS encryption on servers
theharvester	Tool for gathering e-mail accounts / subdomain names / virtual host / open ports / banners / and employee names from different public sources
thr	THR (The Hacker Recipes) is aimed at providing technical guides on various hacking topics.
tig	Tig is an ncurses-based text-mode interface for git.
timing	Tool to generate a timing profile for a given command.
tls-map	tls-map is a library for mapping TLS cipher algorithm names.
token-exploiter	Token Exploiter is a tool designed to analyze GitHub Personal Access Tokens.
tomcatwardeployer	Script to deploy war file in Tomcat.
tor	Anonymity tool that can help protect your privacy and online identity by routing your traffic through a network of servers.
toutatis	Toutatis is a tool that allows you to extract information from instagrams accounts such as e-mails / phone numbers and more.
traceroute	Traceroute is a command which can show you the path a packet of information takes from your computer to one you specify.
trevorspray	TREVORspray is a modular password sprayer with threading SSH proxying loot modules / and more
trid	File identifier
TriliumNext	Personal knowledge management system (successor to Trilium).
trufflehog	Find verify and analyze hardcoded secrets in git repositories folders buckets and more.
tshark	TShark is a terminal version of Wireshark.
uberfile	Uberfile is a simple command-line tool aimed to help pentesters quickly generate file downloader one-liners in multiple contexts (wget / curl / powershell / certutil...). This project code is based on my other similar project for one-liner reverseshell generation Shellerator.
udpx	Fast and lightweight - UDPX is a single-packet UDP scanner written in Go that supports the discovery of over 45 services with the ability to add custom ones.
uncover	A tool to Quickly discover exposed hosts on the internet using multiple search engines from ProjectDiscovery.
updog	Simple replacement for Python's SimpleHTTPServer.
uploader	Tool for quickly downloading files to a remote machine based on the target operating system
upx	UPX is an advanced executable packer
urldedupe	urldedupe is a c++ tool to quickly pass in a list of URLs and get back a list of deduplicated (unique) URL and query string combination.
username-anarchy	Tools for generating usernames when penetration testing. Usernames are half the password brute force problem.
Villain	Command & Control Framework
volatility2	Volatile memory extraction utility framework
volatility3	Advanced memory forensics framework
vt	A command-line interface for VirusTotal.
wabt	The WebAssembly Binary Toolkit (WABT) is a suite of tools for WebAssembly (Wasm) including assembler and disassembler / a syntax checker / and a binary format validator.
wafw00f	a Python tool that helps to identify and fingerprint web application firewall (WAF) products.
waybackurls	Fetch all the URLs that the Wayback Machine knows about for a domain.
webclientservicescanner	Scans for web service endpoints
weevely	a webshell designed for post-exploitation purposes that can be extended over the network at runtime.
wesng	WES-NG is a tool based on the output of Windows's systeminfo utility which provides the list of vulnerabilities the OS is vulnerable to including any exploits for these vulnerabilities.
wfuzz	WFuzz is a web application vulnerability scanner that allows you to find vulnerabilities using a wide range of attack payloads and fuzzing techniques
whatportis	Command-line tool to lookup port information
whatweb	Next generation web scanner that identifies what websites are running.
whois	See information about a specific domain name or IP address.
wifite2	Script for auditing wireless networks.
windapsearch-go	Active Directory enumeration tool.
wireguard	WireGuard is an extremely simple yet fast and modern VPN that utilizes state-of-the-art cryptography
wireshark	Wireshark is a network protocol analyzer that lets you see what’s happening on your network at a microscopic level.
wpprobe	A fast WordPress plugin enumeration tool.
wpscan	A tool to enumerate WordPress-based websites
wuzz	a command-line tool for interacting with HTTP(S) web services
XSpear	a powerful XSS scanning and exploitation tool.
xsrfprobe	a tool for detecting and exploiting Cross-Site Request Forgery (CSRF) vulnerabilities
xsser	XSS scanner.
xsstrike	a Python tool for detecting and exploiting XSS vulnerabilities.
xtightvncviewer	xtightvncviewer is an open source VNC client software.
XXEinjector	A tool for XML External Entity (XXE) injection testing
Yalis	Yet Another LinkedIn Scraper
yarn	Yarn is a package manager that doubles down as project manager.
youtubedl	Download videos from YouTube and other sites.
ysoserial	A proof-of-concept tool for generating payloads that exploit unsafe Java object deserialization.
yt-dlp	A youtube-dl fork with additional features and fixes
Zehef	Zehef is an osint tool to track emails
zerologon	Exploit for the Zerologon vulnerability (CVE-2020-1472).
zipalign	arguably the most important step to optimize your APK file
zsteg	Detect steganography hidden in PNG and BMP images